[contributing] update docs on guides & contributions (#20057)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/docs-templates.md

Reference guide articles cover discrete topics as documentation with links to other resources. A reference guide explains a Gatsby concept or technique without the step-by-step context provided by a tutorial or recipe.

> Reference guide sections provide canonical information on how and why to build things with Gatsby for a variety of scenarios. Reference material would list text headings for each section of a guide, rather than "steps 1-5" like a tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference guide sections provide canonical information on how and why to build things with Gatsby for a variety of scenarios. Reference material should list text headings for each section of a guide, rather than "steps 1-5" like a tutorial.
```

#### Other types of guide articles

The Gatsby docs include multiple types of guides. They mostly follow the same format, but some docs will have a slightly different purpose and/or audience.

- [Reference Guides](/docs/guides/): explanations of Gatsby site development techniques and common workflows. These should be written for all skill-levels.
- [API Reference](/docs/api-reference/): technical docs on API methods and options, common files, and links to additional resources and explanations.
- [Releases & Migration](/docs/releases-and-migration/): release notes and guides on how to upgrade Gatsby and third-party packages.

> - [Conceptual Guide](/docs/conceptual-guide/): high-level docs to explain important Gatsby concepts and philosophies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Conceptual Guides](/docs/conceptual-guide/): high-level docs to explain important Gatsby concepts and philosophies.
```

Author: I went back and forth on this, and decided to go with what was in the URL/section headings. But I don't think it's a big deal to pluralize it here since that's how I'd talk about it in conversation.

  - As an example, "Plugins, Themes, and Starters" would be an overarching concept article, with individual reference guide sections for Plugin, Theme, and Starter docs.
- [Gatsby Internals](/docs/gatsby-internals/): previously titled Behind the Scenes, these docs go in depth into how Gatsby works under the hood.

> - [Using Gatsby Professionally](/docs/using-gatsby-professionally/): articles on winning overstakeholders, working in larger organizations, and building a career as a Gatsby developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Using Gatsby Professionally](/docs/using-gatsby-professionally/): articles on winning over stakeholders, working in larger organizations, and building a career as a Gatsby developer.
```

> - [Using Gatsby Professionally](/docs/using-gatsby-professionally/): articles on winning overstakeholders, working in larger organizations, and building a career as a Gatsby developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Using Gatsby Professionally](/docs/using-gatsby-professionally/): articles on winning over stakeholders, working in larger organizations, and building a career as a Gatsby developer.
```
